update governance page (#766)
loopbackio/loopback.io: pages/en/contrib/Governance.md

## Maintainers

Each repository has one or more core maintainers responsible for:

*   Daily operations: approving pull requests, responding to new issues, guiding discussions, and so on.
*   Seeking consensus on technical decisions.
*   Making the final decisions when consensus cannot be achieved.

Core maintainers have npm publishing rights for modules and the final say on releasing new versions.  

> Refer to `CODEOWNERS` file in each repository for the list of active core and community maintainers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides core maintaners working on LoopBack full-time, there is also a growing group of voluntary maintainers from our community.

Refer to `CODEOWNERS` file in each repository for the list of all active maintainers. 
```

*   Seeking consensus on technical decisions.
*   Making the final decisions when consensus cannot be achieved.

> Maintainers have npm publishing rights for modules and the final say on releasing new versions.  

Reviewer: Hmm, I think this is not true. AFAIK, we don't give npm publishing rights to maintainers from the community. I am proposing to change "Maintainers" to "Lead maintainers" in this sentence to avoid possible confusion.

Author: You're right.  
How to define/find out who are the "lead maintainers"? I'm thinking, as @jjtang1 suggested, whether it's better to have "core maintainers" (i.e. the core LB team) and "community maintainers"?

> Refer to `CODEOWNERS` file in each repository for the list of lead maintainers. 

Reviewer: Let's use the term "active maintainers" instead of "lead maintainers". We list community members in CODEOWNERS too.

## Lead maintainers
Refer to `CODEOWNERS` file in each repository for the list of lead maintainers. 

LoopBack lead maintainers include:
### Full-time maintainers

Project architects:
*   [Miroslav Bajtoš](https://github.com/bajtos)
*   [Raymond Feng](https://github.com/raymondfeng)
*   [Ritchie Martori](https://github.com/ritch)

> *   [Simon Ho](https://github.com/superkhau)

Reviewer: Let's add a new section "Alumni" towards the end and list people that are no longer actively working on the project there.

Author: One concern of adding the alumni section is that there is probably a much bigger list (it's likely we'll miss out a few?) that we try to keep track of it through the CODEOWNERS file.  
If we want to keep Ritchie and Simon on this page because they have significant contributions to LB, we can put it as "previous project architects"?

> Full-time maintainers include:

Reviewer: I think we should either:
- be explicit about the fact that this list contains people on IBM payroll only
- or include all current maintainers 

I feel the current proposal is making community contributors a kind of second-class maintainers.

It would be great if we could fetch an up-to-date list of people from somewhere else (or point readers to such source), e.g. GitHub's list of people in `@strongloop/loopback-maintainers` teams. Unfortunately, AFAICT, there is no such public view :(

Author: thanks for pointing it out.  I didn't realize it will cause this impression!
